ordering items took 0:00:01
tcmap verify took 0:00:00
Tests considered 69 and ignored 320
tech_cfg_always global = False
tech_cfg_always system-not-ready = True
tech_cfg_always portlist-not-ready = True
tech_cfg_always console_hang = True
tech_cfg_always port-status = True
tech_cfg_always port-status-module = True
tech_cfg_always port-status-function = True
tech_cfg_always pre-module-prolog = False
tech_cfg_always post-module-prolog = False
tech_cfg_always pre-module-epilog = False
tech_cfg_always post-module-epilog = False
tech_cfg_always pre-function-prolog = False
tech_cfg_always post-function-prolog = False
tech_cfg_always pre-function-epilog = False
tech_cfg_always post-function-epilog = False
tech_cfg_always session-epilog = False
tech_cfg_fail pre-module-prolog = False
tech_cfg_fail post-module-prolog = False
tech_cfg_fail pre-module-epilog = False
tech_cfg_fail post-module-epilog = False
tech_cfg_fail pre-function-prolog = False
tech_cfg_fail post-function-prolog = False
tech_cfg_fail pre-function-epilog = False
tech_cfg_fail post-function-epilog = False
tech_cfg_fail function = False
tech_cfg_fail testcase = False
core_cfg_always global = False
core_cfg_always system-not-ready = False
core_cfg_always portlist-not-ready = False
core_cfg_always console_hang = True
core_cfg_always port-status = False
core_cfg_always port-status-module = False
core_cfg_always port-status-function = False
core_cfg_always pre-module-prolog = False
core_cfg_always post-module-prolog = False
core_cfg_always pre-module-epilog = False
core_cfg_always post-module-epilog = False
core_cfg_always pre-function-prolog = False
core_cfg_always post-function-prolog = False
core_cfg_always pre-function-epilog = False
core_cfg_always post-function-epilog = False
core_cfg_always session-epilog = False
core_cfg_fail pre-module-prolog = False
core_cfg_fail post-module-prolog = False
core_cfg_fail pre-module-epilog = False
core_cfg_fail post-module-epilog = False
core_cfg_fail pre-function-prolog = False
core_cfg_fail post-function-prolog = False
core_cfg_fail pre-function-epilog = False
core_cfg_fail post-function-epilog = False
core_cfg_fail function = False
core_cfg_fail testcase = False
sysinfo_cfg global = False
sysinfo_cfg pre-module-prolog = False
sysinfo_cfg post-module-prolog = False
sysinfo_cfg pre-module-epilog = False
sysinfo_cfg post-module-epilog = False
sysinfo_cfg pre-function-prolog = False
sysinfo_cfg post-function-prolog = False
sysinfo_cfg pre-function-epilog = False
sysinfo_cfg post-function-epilog = False
sairedis_cfg global = False
sairedis_cfg pre-module-prolog = False
sairedis_cfg post-module-prolog = False
sairedis_cfg pre-module-epilog = False
sairedis_cfg post-module-epilog = False
sairedis_cfg pre-function-prolog = False
sairedis_cfg post-function-prolog = False
sairedis_cfg pre-function-epilog = False
sairedis_cfg post-function-epilog = False
syslog_cfg global = False
syslog_cfg pre-module-prolog = True
syslog_cfg post-module-prolog = True
syslog_cfg pre-module-epilog = True
syslog_cfg post-module-epilog = True
syslog_cfg pre-function-prolog = True
syslog_cfg post-function-prolog = False
syslog_cfg pre-function-epilog = False
syslog_cfg post-function-epilog = True
config_db_cfg global = True
config_db_cfg pre-module-prolog = True
config_db_cfg post-module-prolog = True
config_db_cfg pre-module-epilog = True
config_db_cfg post-module-epilog = True
config_db_cfg pre-function-prolog = False
config_db_cfg post-function-prolog = False
config_db_cfg pre-function-epilog = False
config_db_cfg post-function-epilog = False
config_db_cfg post-session-prolog = True
show_run_cfg global = False
show_run_cfg pre-module-prolog = True
show_run_cfg post-module-prolog = True
show_run_cfg pre-module-epilog = True
show_run_cfg post-module-epilog = True
show_run_cfg pre-function-prolog = False
show_run_cfg post-function-prolog = False
show_run_cfg pre-function-epilog = False
show_run_cfg post-function-epilog = False
Failed to connect (['V1', 'V2'])
