CETA_SONIC_67575,test_ft_verify_logs_at_the_time_of_ssh_login_success,system/test_ssh.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwLagFn041,test_ft_portchannel_with_vlan_variations,switching/test_portchannel.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwLagFn042,test_ft_portchannel_with_vlan_variations,switching/test_portchannel.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwPominFn007,test_ft_verify_min_links_functionality_by_flapping_all_member_ports_007,switching/test_portchannel.py,PortChannel Config Enhancements
FtOpSoSwlldpFn004,test_ft_lldp_non_default_config,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwlldpFn008,test_ft_lldp_non_default_config,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwlldpFn009,test_ft_lldp_non_default_config,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwlldpFn010,test_ft_lldp_non_default_config,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwlldpFn011,test_ft_lldp_non_default_config,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSwlldpFn013,test_ft_lldp_docker_restart,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSyInIpFn002,test_ft_port_fn_verify_shut_noshut,system/test_interface.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn008,test_ft_snmp_mib_2,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn009,test_ft_snmp_if_mib_all,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn010,test_ft_snmp_entity_mib_all,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn012,test_ft_snmp_dot1q_dot1db_mib,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn013,test_ft_snmp_dot1q_dot1db_mib,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn015,test_ft_snmp_root_node_walk,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn016,test_ft_snmp_ipAddressRowStatus_ipv6,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn017,test_ft_snmp_ipAddressStorageType_ipv6,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn020,test_ft_snmp_ipv6_If_Forward_default_HopLimit,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn021,test_ft_snmp_ipv6scope_index_table,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSySnFn023,test_ft_snmp_docker_restart,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
FtOpSoSysFRFn005,test_ft_vlan_save_config_warm_and_fast_reboot,switching/test_vlan.py,warmboot
FtOpSoSysImLogFn012,test_ft_snmp_coldstart_trap,system/test_snmp.py,In-Memory Debug Log
SNMPQBr002,test_ft_snmp_dot1q_tp_fdb_address,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP MIB and Traps
SNMPQBr003,test_ft_snmp_dot1q_tp_fdb_port,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP MIB and Traps
SNMPTrap004,test_ft_snmp_coldstart_trap,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP MIB and Traps
auth_shared_keys ,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
executing_server_key_in_appropriate_mode,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
ft_add_unknownvlan_interface,test_ft_add_unknownvlan_interface,switching/test_vlan.py,Regression
ft_lldp_ConfigManAddrEntry,test_ft_lldp_ConfigManAddrEntry,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_LocManAddrEntry,test_ft_lldp_LocManAddrEntry,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_LocManAddrLen,test_ft_lldp_LocManAddrLen,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_LocManAddrlfld,test_ft_lldp_LocManAddrlfld,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_lldplocportid,test_ft_lldp_lldplocportid,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_lldplocsysdesc,test_ft_lldp_lldplocsysdesc,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_lldplocsysname,test_ft_lldp_lldplocsysname,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_lldp_with_remote_server,test_ft_lldp_with_remote_server,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
ft_max_vlan_save_reload,test_ft_vlan_save_config_warm_and_fast_reboot,switching/test_vlan.py,warmboot
ft_net_snmp_agent_mib,test_ft_net_snmp_agent_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_net_snmp_vacm_mib,test_ft_net_snmp_vacm_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_ntp_disable_ntp_enable_ntp,test_ft_ntp_disable_enable_with_message_log,system/test_ntp.py,Regression
ft_ntp_existsconfig,test_ntp_exists_config,system/test_ntp.py,Regression
ft_ntp_message_log_display_with_correct_time,test_ft_ntp_disable_enable_with_message_log,system/test_ntp.py,Regression
ft_reboot_fdb_fast_reboot,test_ft_vlan_save_config_warm_and_fast_reboot,switching/test_vlan.py,warmboot
ft_sf_snapshot_tam_Error_Logs,test_ft_watermark_telemetry_interval,system/test_snapshot.py,Instrumentation Enhancements
ft_sf_wm_telemetry_interval,test_ft_watermark_telemetry_interval,system/test_snapshot.py,Instrumentation
ft_show_vlan_brief,test_ft_vlan_trunk_tagged,switching/test_vlan.py,Regression
ft_snmp_dot3_stats_table,test_ft_snmp_dot3_stats_table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ent_physical_table,test_ft_snmp_ent_physical_table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_framework_mib,test_ft_snmp_framework_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_host_resource_mib,test_ft_snmp_host_resource_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_icmp_Msgs,test_ft_snmp_icmp_Msgs,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ifXTable,test_ft_snmp_ifx_table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ip_Address_Table,test_ft_snmp_ip_Address_Table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ip_IfStats_Table,test_ft_snmp_ip_IfStats_Table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ip_NetToPhysical_Table,test_ft_snmp_ip_NetToPhysical_Table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ip_System_Stats_Table,test_ft_snmp_ip_System_Stats_Table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_lldp_prem_manaddr_table,test_ft_lldp_rem_man_addr_table,system/test_lldp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_mpd_mib,test_ft_snmp_mpd_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_notification_mib,test_ft_snmp_notification_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_snmpv2_mib,test_ft_snmp_snmpv2_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_sysDescr,test_ft_snmp_sysDescr,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
ft_snmp_sysName,test_ft_snmp_sysName,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
ft_snmp_target_mib,test_ft_snmp_target_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_tcp_mib,test_ft_snmp_tcp_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_test_syUpTime,test_ft_snmp_test_syUpTime,system/test_snmp.py,Regression
ft_snmp_ucd_diskio_mib,test_ft_snmp_ucd_diskio_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ucd_la_table,test_ft_snmp_ucd_la_table,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_ucd_system_stats,test_ft_snmp_ucd_system_stats,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_udp_mib,test_ft_snmp_udp_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_user_based_sm_mib,test_ft_snmp_user_based_sm_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_snmp_view_based_acm_mib,test_ft_snmp_view_based_acm_mib,system/test_snmp.py,SNMP Agent Optimization
ft_ssh_add_user_verify,test_ft_ssh_add_user_verify,system/test_ssh.py,Regression
ft_ssh_service_disable,test_ft_ssh_service_disable,system/test_ssh.py,Regression
ft_tacacs_default_login,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
ft_tacacs_single_server_for_auth,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
ft_tacacs_ssh_login,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
ft_tacacsauth_enable_pamfile_created,test_ft_tacacs_ssh_login_with_tacacs_operations,security/test_tacacs.py,Regression
ft_vlan_delete_with_member,test_ft_vlan_delete_with_member,switching/test_vlan.py,Regression
ft_vlan_trunk_tagged,test_ft_vlan_trunk_tagged,switching/test_vlan.py,Regression
lldp_verify_counters,test_lldp_verify_counters,system/test_lldp.py,Regression
test_ft_controlplane_acl_service_snmp,test_ft_ssh_add_user_verify,system/test_ssh.py,Control Plane ACL
test_ft_controlplane_acl_service_sshv4,test_ft_ssh_add_user_verify,system/test_ssh.py,Control Plane ACL
test_ft_controlplane_acl_service_sshv6,test_ft_ssh_add_user_verify,system/test_ssh.py,Control Plane ACL
test_snmp_ip_forward_table,test_ft_snmp_ip_forward_table,system/test_snmp.py,Regression